hey guys here's a great trick called
what a coincidence that was created by
Matt Jay 1 to 4 so please click the link
on the screen go check out his channel
and subscribe to him he's new to YouTube
so he only has a couple of videos up
right now but I like them there they're
really simple tricks but they're really
effective and they're original like I
said I like people who create original
tricks so please go check out his
channel and subscribe him now onto the
trick so as you can see I have a deck of
cards obviously and what I'm going to do
to start things off is just give the
deck a couple of riffle shuffles like I
always do this to assure you guys that
the deck really is in no particular
order one more should do okay now that
the deck has been mixed I need to get a
card selected so I just want you to call
stop for me as I reflect on the side of
the deck stop and now what we're going
to do is use the top card of the deck
that you stopped at which is the ace of
hearts now this card could be side live
but I'm not going to do that today and
we're going to get your selection lost
back into the middle of the deck okay
now to further mix up the cards I'm
going to split the deck into four equal
piles but I'm going to do this in a bit
of an unorthodox fashion with this in
chalk out dog method so just give me a
second while I get these cards split
into four piles
okay now that the deck has been split
into four piles I'm going to give each
of the packets a cut white where the
cards are out jogged and I know you're
probably wondering right now Zach why
are you shuffling the cards in such a
such a weird way you know why not just
give the cards a normal type of shuffles
like a riffle shuffle or an overhand
shuffle and there actually is a reason
behind my madness you see recently I
discovered that some really magical
things can happen when you do crazy
shuffles like this with a deck of cards
I really don't know how it works but it
just does seem really really magical
really amazing things have been
happening to me lately but I've been
doing this and you're going to see what
I mean in a second let me just give the
deck one more crazy shuffle the crazier
you make the deck the more magical the
things will become now let's see what we
can do here so like I said the deck was
shuffled at the beginning of the trick
and could have selected any card we
wanted and it was lost back into the
middle of the deck and then to mix the
neck up even further I did my crazy
little n jog out jog shuffle and got the
deck at the end of the trick split into
four piles and somehow out of all of
this madness I managed to find your
selected card now I know you're thinking
well you know that could have been lucky
I mean how could you possibly have done
that the deck was completely messed up
but if you call that luck well then is
this also luck or is this real magic and
that is what a coincidence by Mac J 1 to
4 it's it's a simple trick but I think
it's I think it's really great and so I
really like this effect so again go
check out his channel be sure to
subscribe to him hope you guys enjoyed
this and I will see you guys next time